    https://codepen.io/mrsimpson3000/pen/QWbjLQR
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It gives meaning to your content.

    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML keywords are used to tell the web browser how to format and display web page content.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes give additional info about HTML elements and must be specified in the start tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The H1 is the most important header tag and should only be used once per page. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Both the a (anchor) tag and the img (image) tag require attributes.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    The head contains info about the web page's properties and links to external related files.

    7. What is an id? 
    The id is an attribute that is a unique identifier for an element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    Any HTML element may have an id, however it must be unique.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    As per stated above, each id must be unique andf therefore may only be used once.

    10. What is a class?
    A class is an attribute that specifies one or more classnames for an element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    You may add a class to all HTML elements.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    You may use a class as many times as you need to on a page.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    If you set the target attitbute to "_blank" then the link will open in a new page.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it (because of slow connection, an error in the src attribute, or if the user uses a screen reader).

    15. How do I reference an id?
    You reference an id by using the # before the id name.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. whereas: The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document. The <div> tag is used to group block-elements to format them with CSS.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to define styles for your web pages, including the design, layout and variations in display for different devices and screen sizes.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    To select an element you must use a . before the element name, i.e. .h2{some code here}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    The difference between a class and an id is that a class may be used as many times as you would like but an id may only be used once and is unique.
    id example: <section id="first-section">
    class example: <p class="pooBrown">
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    To select a class simply use the . before the classname.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    To select a p element with a class of human you would do the following:
    .human p{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The parent > child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. This would be useful to select multiple <li> elements with a <ul> element. It would select them all.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    to select all the links within a div with a class of sidebar you would do the following:
    div > li.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type or they are being hovered over by ht mouse pointer.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    To change the spacing between the lines we use the line-height property.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    To change the spacing between letters we use the letter-spacing property.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    To change the case of the texzt in an element we use the text-transform property. Examples follow:
    ALL CAPS = text-transform: uppercase;
    all lowercase = text-transform: lowercase;
    Capitalize each word: text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    You would want to do the following:
    div {
      border: dotted 1px black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    To select everything on ther page we use the * selector and it will select all elements.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    To write a comment in css we need to do the following:
    /* Place comment here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    To find out what file I'm in I would need to type the following:
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    To see a list of files/folders I would need to type the following:
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    To remove a file I would need to type the following but would need to be careful because it is permanent:
    git rm <filename>

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control is useful because not only can you revert back to specific versions but yuo can also work with others (contributors).

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    I should commit around every 20 minutes or any time a major change is made.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    To push our repo we need to do the following:
    cd <repo directory> (if not already there)
    git push -u origin 'firstname-lastname'

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. Create YOUR OWN version of Repo --> (Fork)
    2. Your name should now be in front of the repo name
    3. Add yout TL as a collaborator
    4. Clone your repo
    5. Use the cd command to go to the directory where you want the cloned repo to go
    6. Use the git clone <link-to-repo> command to clone the repo to your current directory
    7. cd into the newly created directory
    8. Use the git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' command to create your own branch name for the repo
    9. Now you can work on your repo
    10. To add and commit changes on your branch you can do the following:
        git add . adds the repo changes preparing them for committing
        git commit -m "helpful message here" to commit changes with specified message
    11. Push changes back to your own repo using git push -u origin branch-name
    12. Submit pull request
    13. Add your TL and submit

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block-level element always starts on a new line and takes up the full width available (stretches out to the left and right as far as it can) while an inline element does not start on a new line and only takes up as much width as necessary.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    An absolutely positioned element is an element whose computed position value is absolute or fixed.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
  

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default


    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?